>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
if you check out to lesson 12,
you're gonna be tasked with creating
mutations for the song and the playlist.
So I should be able to create,
>> Scott Moss: Update, and
remove songs and playlists with mutations.
And I should be able
to see them in my doc.
So let's go here.
Or actually,
you can just focus on create and update.
If you want some extra credit,
you could do delete.
But you know how to do delete.
Only if you want to feel challenged.
So if you go look at the docs.
Eventually you should see some
mutations in here like this.
So you should see new song, update song,
new playlist, update playlist.
And if you went further you would
see remove song or remove playlist.
So what I want you to do is one, look
at what I'm doing in the user mutation.
Two, look at what we just did.
And three, If you get lost and
like how do I do this in Mongo.
Well, we already did it in
the controllers from yesterday.
So go look at the controllers
to see how we did it there.
It's more or less the exact same thing.
If that's the block is like I
don't how to do this in Mongo and
you can figure everything else
out in graphql, that's awesome.
Just go look at the controllers and
you can see how we're doing it there or
I can walk around and help you but
the important part here is like
how do I do this in GraphQL?
How do I get to the point where I'm
only stuck on the actual database part?
Which is pretty simple,
because that means GraphQL did its job.
It's not worried about the database.
Cool, any questions?
So let me pull up the test.
>> Scott Moss: So again the remove
ones are for extra credit.
Once you create those, you shouldn't
have to link up any files or anything.
It should automatically
just reload your graphical.
You should see them.
Everything's already linked up,
so you should be good to go.
And so remember you need to scope your
mutations in a mutation object like that.
Very much like we're doing a query,
you need to put them in mutation.
These are going to be merged
together eventually, so
it's totally fine to do a mutation.
Put your functions on there,
be done with it.
>> Scott Moss: Cool.
Any other questions?
>> Speaker 2: Lesson 12 then?
>> Scott Moss: This is lesson 12.